# <ins>**IBM COURSE - APPLIED DATA SCIENCE CAPSTONE PROJECT - THE BATTLE OF NEIGHBOURHOODS**</ins> </span>

The notebook in this repository has been made as part of the course "IBM Data Science Professional Certificate", which is an introductory course to the field of Data Science. The course consists of 10 modules that cover a variety of aspects of the data science field, including Data Science methodologies, SQL, analysing and visualizing data, machine learning models, etc. As from module 4, the participants start learning the basics of programming in Python. This report is part of a final assignment of the course in which the participants apply the learned theory in practice by coming up with a self-chosen project. As part of the project, geospatial data should be obtained using the Foursquare API. Foursquare is a technology company focused on location data, which is used for apps such as Uber, Apple's Maps, Twitter and a variety of other well known organisations. Via their website, it is for instance possible to look for venues, such as restaurants or shopping facilities in a chosen area and obtain information about those venues, such as customer reviews, photos and a description of the venue itself. Here is an example of a sandwich restaurant in the city of Utrecht in the Netherlands ([link](https://foursquare.com/v/bigoli/4b698feef964a52073a72be3)).<br>

More information about this course can be found on Coursera ([link](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science)).

### **Some remarks about the notebook:**
#### * **There seem to be issues some issues showing and loading the notebook in github, giving the message "Sorry, something went wrong. Reload?". After reloading it a couple of times and/or refreshing the internet page it loaded the notebook correctly.**
#### * **The interactive folium maps do not seem to be visible in the uploaded notebook. The maps can be seen in the presentation and the PowerPoint Slides attached to this repository.**
